While work is not officially underway. HardMode2 is in my head.

1. Adjust the math instead of character stats, allowing for Vanilla characters to be imported.
 - Remove the internal HP/MP penalty, then balance.
 - Halve the attack bonus from Strength and Dexterity.
 - Refactor HP/MP Regeneration.
2. Better World Difficulty scaling, adjusting the starting values, and plane multiplier.
  - Increase the starting World Difficulty, of each Game Difficulty.
  - Increase the multiplier, so the game scales appropriately in each playthrough.
  - Ensure Boss HP doesn't get out of hand.
  - Don't kill the player too much.
3. Rebalance figurines, bears are simply too powerful.
  - The carry weight of Perfect Bear Figurines should be increased to prevent the ridiculous stacking potential. (300+)
  - Other Figurines will likely get the same treatment to a lesser extent.
4. Attempt to improve weak abilties, allowing for more variety.
  - Some abilities would be great staples of combat, if they didn't suck.
  - Shield Bash and Ground Pound are terrible in comparison to Slam and Multifire.
  - Harm Touch ought to provide more value for the mana and time cost.
  - Nerf the overpowered abilities. (Slam, Multifire, Dual Wield, Strong Stance, Natural Resistance)
  - Compare the effects of Ancestral Call and Battle Cry.
5. Spells need serious work, and a lot of math.
  - Spell data can be manipulated quite readily.
  - Custom sub-routines would allow for more math, and damage.
  - Wizard, Cleric, and Shadow Knight should see some reward for their high Intelligence.
6. Multiplayer games need something extra to reduce the impact of a group.
  - More aggressive difficulty starts and scaling.
  - Research the efficacy of blocking, and whether regular enemies could break a block.
7. A changelog, probably.
  - People love information, even if I don't agree.
  - Don't be an info-hazard, not everyone wants to know everything.
  - Finding out for yourself is part of the fun.
